Hi everybody, it 's day than what?
the one box yes, there you find it beautiful
collapsed yesterday I ask Brazil around the
what is inside that box that
It's a beautiful box but we're in the
youtube if you already know that these have
lows the program good place for this
I barely have this camera that has a
camera 2 ac siena and has camera 3
directly from Japan they will open a
business and so much here asus is this is
the tai chi 31 the traffic here in the box
You can not see a box there.
beautiful a very elegant box that I
reminds macbook air balloon case
open this business is that now to read
Better than Tai Chi Hi.
Look here, what do you think is beautiful?
accustomed to the boxes the apple knows
that they are more or less like you
open have the product have the
expired there a macbook same
very much top view plays here then
Tahuichi he's not very thick, he's not.
is as thin as a macbook air but it
It's the work here. He talks about the rest.
from the box below I had good I want you
find here looks only
It's a protection for him, it's a case for
here he
we have a cloth here you have
something in here is not just a
case with very
good
I know the stuff is this looks like a bear
internet with something like that but it's
just it
finally here we have a manual manuel
manual with one more apparently more
a little flannel to wipe down here
battery information the card
his guarantee
so here is very cool blue boss
notebook how to know users
of notebook computers two years ago
2012 I have the gay public but he
always sent this is to see the star for
you tie the cables you time to
cars do not have to keep charging
modify the board
we have here since the wines of
diseases and sandisk is in another
little box here
she comes over here gives a close here to
me we have here a thai more
taylos that can be docked here, shovel
at the time of transport is it can be
used with your touch screen is
nice here we have a little bag too
as the kit material long time
inside
the adapter is English time 14
notebooks are talking about mac do not know
what and it never comes to this type of
adapter then as it does not have the port
They include an adapter for the
network port and another to see gea
look how cool blue congratulations
sending very well in the accessories us
we have a charger
look at that familiar charger
this design some cool place
Cute little square, just go back to class.
here to wind up the cable and it would be perfect
but the little charger as well
stylish very little
this here is a stack that is aaa a
first time in my life that I see a
he had already seen that he did not
is that you will only know that there is
this stack is less than the law is a stack
to put stiles on the road did not even know
that there was such a pity then there's the
geek breakthrough of the week that people
place a battery to the pen to
she works not just a pen
she has antonio frizzo component has one
chip yesterday two buttons lines here
I came back to what good is that your boxing?
Good staff so I guess this is
for boxing of haiti 31 show the
product here a little bit of the iac
Sounds good to know a little bit I will
talk more about tom here is a big screen
so a tablet and opening here we have the
another mouth
it has 256 ram memory ram
with memory was mobile step 4 gb of
ddr3 ram 256 gb ssd two usb
three seemingly here and the others
connectors show that side of it as well
Fine, see you
also yesterday the control of the government here
It's fine as you can see the
same texture of a macbook was that the
which thickens a little is the two
screens too but of course this
compensates
Okay, so I said a little about it.
Tai Chi 31 was another boxing to
show what you have inside this box that
In fact it is the best product box is not
because I've opened so far from notebook
is the one of the republic or the one but it was not so
pretty then you look smart in the face that is
A product of luxury beauty business prize
and thank you to everyone who enjoyed that
video with you on my facebook shadow
without hunger to compete for the blunderbuss
cappi and someone in grace or thank you
Asus also made this promotion and
then sent the product through the air or use it
know a little bit and then I can
that a video a hands-on talking more
on the cash withdrawal plan is
knowing everything sometimes we talk
another bullshit, for example, the pen is
I do not know what exactly it is for
still or in the look for us to be able
speak
Knowing what you're talking about is always good.
this episode came from a boxing
asus tai chi 31 and until the next